big picture thinker with an amazing sense of humor
self management and team player
people pleaser
simple, clean style
designer
process-improvement
project managmement

Designer, and big picture thinker who wi

Hey you.
I'm experienced in web development front-end to back-end as well as physical computing- microcontrollers to sensors. 

Learn whatever a project requires- from an algorithm that takes a different approach to a problem to tying a sensor to a microcontroller.  

Passionate about simplicity, making sure everyone on my team is doing what's best for the client while having a blast.   from different angles, and collaborating with others to create meaningful web applications. 
Excited about automating, learning new technologies 

I am the best at problem-solving, and learning whatever I need, whenever I need it. I can take a problem, 

I am a web developer with a passion for algorithmic problem solving, people-pleasing, laughter, team collaboration, and self-improvement.  

Nothing excites me like the creative, iterative development of a meaningful product that looks and functions beautifully... Other things that inspire me: minimalism, mixed-reality, sleep.  

My bread and butter project at the moment is a low-budget climate control system (Arduino/C++/Blynk) for a commercial mushroom grower that takes in user-input, automatically adjusts growing conditions and outputs hundreds of pounds of mushrooms per week.

Let's chat.    




I am currently a Full-Stack Development Student at the University of Minnesota with past experience in Arduino/Automation/C++, Urban Agriculture,  BIM, 3D Modeling and Scripting in Rhino 3d + Grasshopper in the Architectural / Planning Industry as well as a degree in Architecture / Product Design from the University of Minnesota- Twin Cities.  

I am an upbeat DIY-er, and a hopeful perfectionist with an eye for design. 

I truly enjoy working with and being around people, juggling at least a dozen projects at once, and I absolutely bring my humor (and stories of living in a hand-renovated, water-less camper and international cat-smuggling) with me to the work place.  

-Zac

I am inpired by simplicity, minimalism, Black Mirror and mixed reality.  



My journey into code was sparked by a hand-built, C++-based environmental control system for a commercial mushroom grower- which involved analyzing everything I didn't know anything about- C++, microcontrollers... and Mushrooms, and turning that into something that funcionted flawlessly.  .  

clicking a refresh buttion and My passion for code started with a 